cloud: update data service docs for multi-region suppport (#13392)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-get-started.md

    ```bash
    curl --digest --user '<Public Key>:<Private Key>' \
      --request GET 'https://<region>.data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<App ID>/endpoint/<Endpoint Path>'
    ```

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > - By requesting the regional domain `<region>.data.tidbcloud.com`, you can directly access the data API in the region where the TiDB cluster is located.
>     > - Alternatively, you can also request the global domain `data.tidbcloud.com` without specifying the region information. In this way, TiDB Cloud will internally redirect the request to the target region, but this might result in additional latency. If you choose this way, make sure to add the `--location-trusted` option to your curl code when calling an endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - By requesting the regional domain `<region>.data.tidbcloud.com`, you can directly access the endpoint in the region where the TiDB cluster is located.
    > - Alternatively, you can also request the global domain `data.tidbcloud.com` without specifying a region. In this way, TiDB Cloud will internally redirect the request to the target region, but this might result in additional latency. If you choose this way, make sure to add the `--location-trusted` option to your curl command when calling an endpoint.
```
